Hi everyone.
My name is Wojciech Lesniak.
Welcome to my course, Effective OAuth2 with Spring Security and Spring Boot.
OAuth2, OpenID Connect,
and JSON Web Tokens make it easy for your users and services
to securely access your application without having to
remember or provide their passwords.
That's powerful and can significantly improve user experience,
streamline your registration process, and make your application more secure.
In this course,
we are going to dive into Spring Boot and Spring Security
5's support for OAuth2 and OpenID Connect.
Some of the major topics we will cover include what JSON Web Tokens,
OAuth2,
and OpenID Connect is and is not and what security
challenges they can help you solve,
how to add social sign-in to complement your
application's existing authentication,
how to secure both public and confidential clients,
securing distributed systems and the various
microservices patterns you can leverage.
By the end of this course, you'll have the foundational knowledge of OAuth2,
OpenID Connect,
and JWT and the practical knowledge of how to implement it in your
application in Spring Boot and Spring Security.
Before beginning the course,
you should be familiar with Java and the Spring framework.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn Spring Security
OAuth2 with the Effective OAuth2 with Spring Security and Spring Boot course at Pluralsight.